Adding documentation for new heartbeat_agg (#1869)
timescale/docs: api/_hyperfunctions/heartbeat_agg/interpolate.md

---
api_name: interpolate()
excerpt: Adjust a heartbeat aggregate with predecessor information
topics: [hyperfunctions]
api:
  license: community
  type: function
  toolkit: true
  experimental: true
  version:
    experimental: 1.13.0
hyperfunction:
  family: state aggregates
  type: aggregate
  aggregates:
    - heartbeat_agg()
api_details:
  summary: |

>     This will take a heartbeat aggregate and the aggregate immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This takes a heartbeat aggregate and the aggregate immediately
```

>     preceeding it. It will upate the aggregate to include any live ranges that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    preceding it. It updates the aggregate to include any live ranges that
```

    should have been carried over from the last heartbeat in the predecessor,
    even if there aren't heartbeats for that range in the interval covered by

>     this aggregate. It will return the updated aggregate, which can then be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this aggregate. It returns the updated aggregate, which can then be
```

    used with any of the heartbeat aggregate accessors.
  signatures:
    - language: sql
      code: |
        interpolate(
            agg HEARTBEATAGG,
            pred HEARTBEATAGG
        ) RETURNS HEARTBEATAGG
  parameters:
    required:
      - name: agg
        type: HeartbeatAgg
        description: >
          A heartbeat aggregate containing liveness data for a particular interval.
    optional:
      - name: pred
        type: HeartbeatAgg
        description: >
          The heartbeat aggregate for the preceding interval, if one exists.
    returns:
      - column: interpolate
        type: HeartbeatAgg
        description: >
          A copy of `agg` which has been update to include any heartbeat intervals extending past the end of `pred`.
  examples:
    - description: >

>         Given a table called `liveness` containing weekly heartbeat aggregates in column `health` with timestamp column `date`, we can use the following to get the intervals where the system was unhealthy during the week of Jan 9, 2022.  This will correctly exclude any ranges covered by a heartbeat at the end of the Jan 2 week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Given a table called `liveness` containing weekly heartbeat aggregates in column `health` with timestamp column `date`, we can use the following to get the intervals where the system was unhealthy during the week of Jan 9, 2022.  This correctly excludes any ranges covered by a heartbeat at the end of the Jan 2 week.
```

      command:
        code: |
          SELECT dead_ranges(
            interpolate(
              health,
              LAG(health) OVER (ORDER BY date)
            )
          )
          FROM liveness
          WHERE date = '01-9-2022 UTC'
      return:

>         code: |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        code: |2
```
